---
layout:  post
title:  October Recap
date:   2002-11-01
---

It's been so long since the last time I wrote that I don't know quite how to start. I should let everyone know that I haven't dropped off the planet, nor have I been lazy for the last month. In fact, I purposefully took a break from updating my website to try and clear my head and get back into my schoolwork. No one complained that I was gone, so I doubt there are many people excited that I've returned, but nonetheless, I'll catch you all up on the last month of my life.

A lot has happened in the last month. I should note that I still haven't fixed my car. It's still having the "random multiple cylinders misfiring" problem. I've made an appointment for Monday morning at a local Dodge dealership. They said it might be that the fuel injectors are plugged up. Apparently they've seen that a lot with '98 Stratus V6's. So they are going to run a few tests to determine if that's the real problem. If they are right, it will cost me $200 in labor and somewhere around $200 per fuel injector. So, it could be anywhere between $400 and $1400 depending on how many out of the six fuel injectors need replacing. Ouch. 😳

My sister and her husband are starting a business together. They're going to offer custom photo editing for a small fee. They'll do most of their business over the Internet. Please take a brief moment to visit their website: fixapicture.com. You'll probably notice right away that there is nothing there. They just barely reserved the domain and haven't had a chance to get anything up yet. I hope and pray that the Lord will be with them in this venture.

I got a new debit card about two weeks ago, and the funniest thing happened. I activated the card using the 1-800 number, and the next day I tried to use it at an ATM. Now, this was not any ATM, it was a credit union ATM. If any machine should've accepted my debit card, it would've been this one. However, upon inserting my card and specifying the details of my withdrawl, I was promptly informed that my card was expired, and that it would be retained by the machine. In case you don't know (I didn't until just recently), when ATM's retain cards, they actually shred them! So I called my credit union and asked them what was up, and they didn't know, but said they would send out a new card free of charge within a week. I asked them if the new card would be shredded by the first ATM I stick it in, and they said, "Well, it shouldn't". What kind of answer is that? I haven't seen the new card yet, and it's been almost two weeks.

And in other news, I'm still sick. I've had a sore throat and sinus congestion for over two months now, by my best estimates. Other symptoms include fairly regular bloody noses, as well as a lot of wax in my ears. Sometimes the wax gets impacted and I have to pour vinegar down my ear canal to break it up. So I made an appointment to see an ENT (ear, nose, and throat). Hopefully he'll be able to identify the problem.

I think that about wraps up the summary of my life in October 2002. From here on out should be regular updates again. Thanks for being patient with me. I just want to take a moment to say how grateful I am for my life and the many blessings I have. I realize after reading this entry you are probably thinking nothing good has happened to me in the last month. I want to let you all know that the Lord has blessed me richly. I am completely in love with Janene, and I cherish every moment we spend together. She makes me very happy. I'm also especially grateful for Christ and the sacrifice He has made for me and all those who accept Him and believe in Him. The bad things that happen to me amount to little when compared to the infinite blessings of forgiveness and salvation. I hope and pray that I, and all who are within the sound of my voice (the sight of my text?), can come to a better understanding of Heavenly Father and His great love for us. I can't imagine life without knowing Him.{% include endmark.html %}