---
layout:  post
title:  I’m Alive Again!
date:   2002-12-05
---

As many of you probably noticed, Qangaroo.com has been down for almost a month. My site hosting provider, Go Daddy Software, does not accept checks. Since I no longer had a valid debit/credit card, I was unable to make my monthly hosting payments. In the November 1 entry (a little way down the page) I mentioned some of the trouble I was having with my fine financial institution. Note: I throw the word "fine" around very loosely.

I finally received my debit card after five calls to the credit union. After the site went down, I started to get really mad. I don't have any big bills to pay that require a credit card, but if I did, my credit could've been seriously damaged from missed payments. A few weeks ago I went to a new credit union to open an account and see about transfering my car loan. They were very friendly and helpful, and they've been able to refinance my car loan at a very low 6.15% interest rate (on my own credit—I'm so proud of myself 😀). They sent me a debit card and it actually arrived two days before the one I've been expecting for three months from the other credit union! As soon as the new loan goes through I'll be closing my old account. Boy, will I be happy when that's over with.

I saw the ENT last month about my sinus/throat/ear problems. He says I've got a deviated septum and recommends corrective surgery. It would be outpatient, which I guess means I'd be in and out rather quickly and that I should only experience discomfort for a few days. The idea of getting surgery doesn't sound very pleasant to me, but I'm willing to accept it if it will help me get better. I would like to see another doctor to get a second opinion, and I should have plenty of time to do that on account of our insurance company. They won't pay to have the surgery done until at least March. It's a long complicated story involving my dad switching jobs last year. I won't bore you with details, but suffice it to say, there is a whole list of specific procedures and medications that the insurance company won't pay anything on for the first year of coverage. I'm thinking of waiting to have the surgery after Spring semester, seeing as how it will put me down for at least a few days, and that won't work whilst I'm in school.

Well, that pretty much wraps up everything that's happened to me during the month that the site was down. One thing I should mention is how grateful I am to my Heavenly Father for the blessings He gives me everyday. I feel bad that I didn't get to put in a Thanksgiving entry, because I really do feel thankful for my life, the people in it, and the experiences I have that make me who I am. It seems like everywhere I look I can see God working.

I've been praying about my finances a lot this past week because I was very afraid I wouldn't be able to pay some of my bills. The money simply was not there and the bills were coming due fast. I prayed to the Lord and expressed to Him my frustration about a situation that was completely out of my hands, and placed my complete trust in Him that He would help me. As it turns out my first car payment on the new loan won't be due until January 15, 2003. That means I won't have a car payment at all in the month of December, which will allow me to pay all of my bills and have money left over to go Christmas shopping. I truly see this as a blessing from the Lord—grace and mercy where no amount of effort on my part could have possibly rectified the situation. He is an awesome God. Of that I am certain.{% include endmark.html %}