---
layout:	post
title:	Eventful Weekend
date:	2003-04-16
---

I had a fairly good weekend on retreat at Deer Valley with the UPC. They rented a really nice condo and we had a lot of fun getting to know each other and eking out our event calendar for this fall. I’m really looking forward to working with such a fine group of people. I’m also trying to convince Janene that she should join the Community Service Chair’s committee so we can work together (in a round about way). I really think that would be a good experience for her.

Friday night (while I was in Deer Valley) I got a call from Janene. She informed me that her father, Gene, had fallen 20 feet out of a tree in their back yard! He was standing on a ladder using a chainsaw to cut down a rather large old rotten tree. The ladder was standing on the roof of a nearby shed and situated against some branches in the tree. Something twisted and the ladder came loose. He had enough momentum to throw the chainsaw away from him, and then fell 20 feet onto a pile of old 2x4’s and already cut branches. What amazes me is that most of the 2x4’s had rusty nails sticking out of them, but he managed to miss all of them! He landed on his back and came away with a concussion and some severe bruises, but no broken bones. I would just like to ask everyone to pray for Gene that he can have a speedy recovery, and please give thanks to God that he is alright.

As if Gene falling out of a tree was not enough, on Monday my dad got laid off from ContentWatch. He’s already had a job interview since then, but no word yet on whether that will work out. My dad is involved in an AS/400 user group here in town, and has lots of friends that can help him find a job, but the way the market is right now the pickings are looking very slim. If things get really rough my parents have considered leaving town for better opportunities. If that were to happen I would have to find my own place and start supporting myself. It will be interesting to see how it all pans out, and again I’d just like to ask all of you to pray for this situation.{% include endmark.html %}