---
layout:  post
title:  Numb?
date:   2003-03-20
---

I'm not sure it's actually sunk in for me yet. I'm sure most of you already know that last night the United States performed a first "surgical strike" on Baghad. From what I can gather, U.S. Intelligence spotted a bunker that they believed was housing severel top Iraqi military officials. If they're right, this whole war might be over already.

I seriously doubt they got Saddam, partly because he appeared on Iraqi television a few hours later (although it could've been taped previously or faked), and partly because if we would've spotted Saddam I doubt we would've killed him with cruise missiles. We have enough special operatives in the country that if we knew where he was we could storm the building and take him out. The only reason our military would start to fire missiles is if they wanted to take out key command bases or similar structures.

The biggest thing I'm worried about is that Bush has completely disregarded the U.N. on this issue. I know a lot of people are anxious to get rid of the U.N. entirely, and maybe this is the only way to get things done, but I can't help but wonder how this will effect global politics. I just hope when the dust settles the rest of the world won't look at us as the bad guys.

Other than that one little concern, I'm all for what is going on over there. Saddam has played with those people way too long. He needs out, and I truly believe this is the only way. We can't just keep sitting around on our thumbs waiting for him to disarm while he's in there slaughtering his own people. We have the legal and moral responsibility to remove him from power. He has violated the terms of his earlier agreement at the end of the Gulf War. That agreement plainly states the penalties for violating those terms, and the U.N. just wants to continue playing nice.

Anyway, enough of my rambling. Let me know what you think.{% include endmark.html %}