---
layout:  post
title:  Spring Break 2003
date:   2003-03-20
---

It's Spring Break this week and I haven't gotten anything done. I've been helping Stu move, which I'm more than happy to do, but it has been taking a lot of my time. I really need to get my application for full major status done, but I've spent most of the week doing other things.

I'm working full time today, which I can only do since I don't have school. It's nice for the money, I guess, but I really could've used this morning to do other things—but the question is... Would I have got up this morning if I didn't have to come to work? Probably not.

Janene and I are going to see Steve and Merissa in _Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat_ tonight. They are doing it as an activity with their LDS Stake. I'm sure it will be a lot of fun.

Hopefully I'll be able to squeeze in some time tomorrow and Saturday so I can build my portfolio. I need to look into getting a transcript of my ACT scores. I think I got a 30 (maybe a 31 🤔), but I can't remember. I've heard that a transcript costs $30, and I'm really not looking forward to forking out that kind of cash. The things we do for a university education, eh?

And in other news, we started bombing Iraq last night. I put more of my feelings about that on [The Forum](http://forum.joeyday.com/archives/individual/000214.php). I just want to pray for America right now, especially that our leaders will have wisdom as they make decisions that are affecting our future as a nation. They are doing what they must to protect our freedoms, and for that I am extremely grateful. I cannot imagine having the weight of those decisions on my shoulders.

I'm also praying for the families and people in Iraq that they can understand why we have to do this. I can't hope to comprehend what kind of suffering they are going through, but Christ has suffered all things. So I pray that God will be with them to comfort them and their children through this turbulent time.{% include endmark.html %}