---
layout:  post
title:  hmmm...
date:   2003-02-01
author: Stuart
---

What a crazy day it has been. I woke up this morning, and opened internet explorer. My home page is still set to www.msn.com (don't make fun of me, I am just really lazy). Although, it is kinda nice. They have some news coverage, usually just enough to keep me busy for a few minutes. But today I was taken by surprise.

You all know what I am talking about, but I am still having trouble believing it. It wasn't like the attack on the WTC (at least not nearly the same in magnitude), but it still made me think about some stuff. I was only 4 years old when Challanger exploded so I don't remember it the day it happened, but I do remember the day that I found out about it. I was in second grade I think, and I was at a little science day camp. It was about outer space, and all that stuff. One of the little "seminars" that I went to was about the shuttle program.

They talked about a bunch of stuff, and then showed us the news clip of the explosion. I can't honestly say that it really scared me that much, (I was in second grade, I thought the explosion was cool). But I do remember when they told us that a school teacher was one of the members onboard. That shook me up a little.

I kinda felt that way today. Mostly shook up, and a little sad for the families of those that passed away. I also thought about my parents. You see, they both work for the same company. One of the main products that this company makes is rocket boosters for space shuttles. During liftoff there are 3 main boosters, 2 white guys, and an orange one. They make the white guys.

If NASA or the government reacts like they did back in 1986, my parent's jobs might be in serious jeopardy. I just hope things go well for everyone.

I also wonder what this is going to do with the whole situation with Iraq. It certainly will distract the public for a few weeks. However, as much as I hate to say it, this whole Irag thing isn't going away. (infact, I can't see it getting anything other than worse). Anyway, I would kinda like to post more about this, but I really do need to be going to bed. Let me know what you guys think, ok?