---
layout:	post
title:	Catch Up
date:	2003-04-07
---

I haven’t posted in a while, so I guess I better get everybody caught up.

We’re coming up on only three weeks left in the semester and I’m starting to really slack off. I’ve been sleeping in a bit (Janene would say "a lot") and missing classes. This behavior is not helped by the fact that in all three of my classes the grade is dependent on 3-4 exams and very little homework. I probably still have A’s in all three classes, but I’m not going to do so hot on the finals if I don’t start going to class again.

There’s a council retreat coming up on April 11-12 for UPC members. From what I understand, they’ve got a condo reserved for the weekend. All of the previous council members are going up, along with all the new members. It will be a time for transitioning all of the responsibilities to the new people. It sounds like it will be a lot of fun, but I feel bad leaving Janene behind for the weekend.

I found out the other day that the UPC Technology Chair position pays full tuition reimbursement up to 15 credit hours. That will go a long way for me. Hopefully over the summer I can finally pay off some long standing debts and get some other things done.

I’m planning to take one evening class during the summer. If they’ll give me full time hours at ContentWatch I’ll stay. Otherwise I’m seriously contemplating quitting, but wouldn’t think of doing it without securing a replacement job first.

I have to tell a story about my paychecks over the last several months. They put someone new in human resources back in early January. I don’t know if it’s her fault or the fault of the paycheck company, but I have yet to receive any of my direct deposits on the day I’m supposed to. I usually wait a few days, but when I go to talk to her she finds out that there was a typo in my routing number, or my routing number was accidentally deleted, or some other stupid thing has prevented it from going through. I’m starting to wonder if it’s all some kind of eloborate joke. :?

And in other news, I’ve become involved with the Murray City Concert Band again. I’ll be performing in another concert on April 26 if anyone is interested. They lost their percussion section leader and they’ve offered me the position. I really don’t want to do it but I’m too nice to say no.{% include endmark.html %}